so here's a compilation of Joel mb's
defensive highlights vs oklahoma state
split up into two sections first I show
his strength which is rim protection and
then I move on to a shaky or area which
is as rottenness and lack of experience
defending the pick and roll in other
cerebral areas but first rim protection
you can see here Markel brown blows
right by Andrew Wiggins to get to the
rim but mb's there for the shop lock so
no big deal now here up Marcus smart
blows by Wayne Selden and gets fouled
but it would have been another block for
embiid if seldom had me committed the
foul instead Marcus markets free throws
here are you see embiid with a sweet
alley-oop and then he hustles back in
transition defense so even though Marcus
markets to the rent it's little you
sment of monsters there and he has to
kick it out to Brian Williams for a
considerably worse look now Perry Ellis
gets beat this time by Markel brown but
once again mb is there in a block
happens now here perry ellis misses the
hook shot and b crashes the offensive
rebounds but he still hustles back in
transition and forces Marcus smart into
a difficult shot attempt set mrs. and at
this point it seems apparent that embiid
is good at protecting the rim but
le'Bryan Nash is not convinced so to
start the second half first he spends
out of the double team but mb meets him
on the other side of the rim for the
block and now I'm Brian Williams gets
the ball but he can't shoot over and
beat either and he has to give it up to
Marcus smart and then there's too little
time on the shot clock for anything to
happen and Oklahoma State turns it over
and le'Bryan Nash has not done with
envied though so he immediately tries to
attack him again and the similar result
happens and now I assume he's just
steaming at this point because he comes
out him once again and he pulls in him
creates a little space but still can't
finish with Ellis's help and then he
gets blocked again and now he's just
heated up now actually check Marcus
smart in the lower left corner coming in
and being a great leader by covering out
le'Bryan Nash is now somehow mb demerger
the technical Nash didn't but it's okay
because mb did more
that act thereafter now this possession
is pretty awesome first he can test the
long tube from Kamari Murphy which badly
bricks and then Marcus smart receives
the offensive rebound with the shot
clock winding down so he drives to the
rim and predictably he gets blocked and
Phil Forte has to chuck the desperation
three that mrs. and Kansas gets the
rebound now le'Bryan Nash gets some mini
Redemption when Anne beatts a hair late
on the contestant gets called for the
goaltend that was the first time they
scored on his mb drinkin test all game
long and that's four or five in the
second half now Nash gets his legit
redemption when he finishes with an
explosive dunk but overall very
impressive performance by mb now let's
look at his weakness which is
pick-and-roll defense so to open the
game mb does an okay job trapping marcus
smart on the pick-and-roll but on the
recovery he has a bit of a lapse and he
lets nashville right by him for an easy
layup and on this next play he actually
commits his only foul of the game on the
pick-and-roll hedge in spite of all of
those rims contestant shop locks was
just really pretty amazing here are
smart goes are on the screen and beat
switches he kind of contested three
nothing wrong with that on this next
play he shows a bit of indecision
defensively you see Kansas traps on the
pick and pop and mb kind of runs out
half way like he's not really sure what
he wants to do which is probably the
worst thing you can do he needs to
commit one way or the other here he
shows his rawness again is he doesn't
stop the ball at all on the hedge and he
lets mark it all the way to the rent and
dump it off to Murphy for easy layups
here he does a slightly better job
stopping the ball I guess since he at
least works is smart to pull up for a
mid-range shot which smart badly bricks
here on Murphy tricks him a bit as he
sets up for this screen but then he
slips to the hoop and by the time Joel
realizes what's going on Murphy is
already dunking and it's too late to do
anything at all and then on this next
play the same recurring thing happens he
doesn't do a great job of stopping the
ball on the pick-and-roll merkits the
hoop and he creates a pretty decent
three point look for 4k
which emails and now at this point
Oklahoma State's in desperation mode and
they try to screen to the right and n
beat is there they try to then they try
to screen again to the left and NB just
once again there and now I Seldon can
step out and contest the Marcus smart 3
that misses so that's a pretty good job
by Joel on that one then overall the
lapses aren't a huge buzz kill because
he still has no experience so the real
question is this how fast can he learn
and right here this is after he got his
8th block it finally occurs to Oklahoma
State gee this guy's causing problems at
the rim let's try something different so
you see Murphy at the top of the key
with envy guarding him and they use
Murphy to lob the ball into Nash who
loves the ball in the smart he's
isolated on Frank Mason and finally he
gets an easy rimshot that he completes
for his first deal all the game so then
Oklahoma State very next possession says
hey let's try it again and this time n
beach ready for it and he sags off and
he traps smart here and then he
eventually causes the turnover so
nothing huge but it's a nice sign so the
other thing about embiid is that he
scores too so if you've made it this far
you've earned some offensive highlights
if he played with how big Kansas weather
lot of impact from either Nash or smart
MP the touch in the game with those
found
outlets after the penetration MV
left hand